[code-infra] Setup error message minification (#1463)
mui/base-ui: docs/README.md

[You can follow this guide](https://github.com/mui/base-ui/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md)
on how to get started contributing to Base UI.

## Error code extraction

Errors in production are minified. They are extracted out of the source code by running the command

```bash
pnpm extract-error-codes
```

> This will update the `./src/error-codes.json` file with the newly extracted errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This updates the `./src/error-codes.json` file with the newly extracted errors.
```

Important: If you just altered the text of an error, you are allowed to update the existing error code with the new text in `./src/error-codes.json`, but only under the following conditions:

> 1. There hasn't been an update to the semantic meaning of the error message. Error codes need to outlive Base UI versions, so the same code must mean the same thing across versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There hasn't been an update to the semantic meaning of the error message. Error codes need to outlive Base UI versions, so the same code must mean the same thing across versions.
```
